and welcome back to a fresh episode of
sam's business growth show delighted to
be joined by
marcus kalke today marcus is the founder
over at last
laughs limited he's a fractional chief
revenue
officer for a number of technology scale
ups helping them achieve
controlled hyper growth without giving
away their shares or control to greedy
investors marcus has been in sales for
the past 35 years
and over the past 17 years he's helped
his clients generate over 6.5 billion
in additional sales marcus a very warm
welcome how are you doing
thanks for having me sam no worries man
so looking forward to chatting today
and we're going to be talking all about
how we can design who our customer
isn't and what's crucial to know in both
business
and sales but before we dive into that
topic sir please give us a quick
snapshot on yourself
your background and um and your business
so i've been in sales for 35 years
i've actually been an effective
salesperson for about the last 17 18
years
um the first 17 years was a bloodbath
i did what everybody else did which is
show up
vomit up a lot of product information um
and then try and beg for the business i
had problems talking about money
um i did a load of free consultancy
i wasted time on non-prospects then i
spent time chasing people
who were never going to buy but i was
too attached to the outcome
and then i came across an approach of uh
for selling
that completely transformed my life i
then did that for 17 years
um as a franchisee and
a month ago i left to set up uh with my
wife
a business called laughs last and what
we do is we go in
and instead of doing it from the
sidelines losing my hair
watching people ignore my advice um i've
decided to
get stuck in and be the person
responsible and accountable
so that's where i'm at at the moment so
i've
worked with a number of technology
scale-up businesses
and i'm helping them build their entire
sales marketing customer success
operation
align the lot recruit the sales teams
recruiting the managers
and work towards making myself redundant
um
in time for us to exit good on you man
and uh yeah like like we said before the
recording glad things are going well
and excited to chat today marcus so a
bit of an unusual topic
and why why first of all why do we need
to design who our customer is not
and why is that actually important
well if you look at the amount of time
money resource that is spent
on pursuing non-opportunities with
non-prospects
or non-ideal customers if you're not
clear about who they are
and more importantly who they're not
then you'll spend an awful lot of time
kissing frogs and getting slimy lips
without many princes arriving
and so it's really important that you
understand that what you say no to
matters more than what you say yes to
very often
and if you know who your ideal customer
is
then it's very easy to disqualify
everybody else
and if you want to grow fast you have to
learn to sacrifice
um which means that you don't go after
companies that
are an 87 63 or
25 fit um you need to be disciplined
and rigorous in building your funnel
uh and your sales pipeline with quality
qualified prospects
there is a myth in sales and in sales
management
that more is better if you just pile up
more at the top
uh you'll get more at the bottom and
this is driven by the
utterly idiotic belief that selling is a
numbers game
if you're crap at selling absolutely
it's a numbers game
and then you're playing the lottery with
about the same odds
um if on the other hand you know who is
not your customer
is not your ideal prospect then you can
disqualify
them quickly and then you can invest all
of your time
money resource and effort on those
people you should be pursuing
got it and there's so many ways i could
take this conversation markets because
it's such an interesting topic
and we have talked about icps ideal
customer profiles on the show before
and plenty of different sales processes
all the guests we've had on
but that said um even if we are a
seasoned veteran in business
in sales or whatever we're doing does
that mean there's there's still a time
where we should because i've i've been
guilty of this many times
i think elites come in or i'm having a
conversation with someone
i'm tempted because they've said they've
had budget and i carry it on
even though they might not be the best
fit for our services or our products
just because i'm a bit too tempted
perhaps about the
the company size they might look like a
nice big flashy logo it might be that
they've got a decent budget
and i've perhaps carried on the
conversation even though in the back of
my mind i'm thinking hmm
perhaps not the best fit so does that
mean we should perhaps write a list
of all the customers with all the
demographics role that do not fit our
ideal customer profile before even if
we're we're seasoned in sales or
business is that so we should do right
now
going to get a lot of flack for this and
frankly i don't care i already have a
friend i don't need another one
um the the reality is that a lot of
people who are
in sales behave in a way that i consider
to be
uh unreasonable unfair immoral um
i don't believe that you should ever
sell to someone
who you cannot help um and i believe
that you should be brutally
uh honest about whether or not you are
the best fit
um and you should be transparent and
interestingly enough that transparency
offers to people
trusting you um more than they
believe the puff that comes from your
competition
so tell people where your deficiencies
are tell people about the stuff that you
are not good at
um so they can make an informed decision
as to whether or not
you're right for them equally and be
clear
up front that you don't work with
everybody
and the way you need to work with your
customers is
as a partner you need to partner with
your prospect
to co-develop a solution you need to
partner with your partners
and that means that you help each other
to get better
you in this day and age i think you need
probably to partner
with your competitors um because
certainly if you're selling technology
um you you're one tiny moving part
in a great big machine and if you're
going in to sell
your individual security product you're
one of 12 or 20 in the its
in the security stack um same thing
if you're a crm system or some form of
marketing technology
you're just one moving part and that's
all part of the overall i.t
strategy which is there to support the
business
get its needs met um so you need to see
where you
fit and how you can bring the most value
to your customer
um i think too often
people are driven by their target
when in fact what we should be is driven
by the customer
and everything that we do should stem
from the customer
and you build out from there um we're in
business because of the customer
not in spite of them they're not an
inconvenience
um it is our responsibility to find
customers that we can help and we can do
our best work with
if we're going for a company that's a 62
percent fit
then chances are we're just waiting to
be fired
and they're gonna put demands on us in
terms of product development
that are non-core um so all you're doing
really is buying a problem for later
but that's typically driven by having a
weak pipeline and being needy desperate
in skin
yeah that was going to bring me on to my
next point really so in that case you
mentioned
um selling's not a numbers game and we
should look for
prospects that are 100 fit rather than
like you say a 60
or so fit so does that mean we should
focus on top of funnel activity
and some prospecting that's actually
going to bring more
more leads through the door rather than
just going for anyone that's
that's giving a bite on our services and
hoping they're eventually going to buy
from us
well first of all i think you need to
put some heavy lifting into your
thinking about
who your customer is and why they need
your help
and then go out and find people who fit
that profile
now unless you have a really very narrow
niche
um chances are there is plenty of choice
out there
and if you do have a narrow niece those
are the people that you go after
and you should spend your time on top of
the funnel
um but once you've got them into the top
of the funnel don't then be seduced by
the crm asking you what's the predicted
close date
and then you forget the important middle
of the funnel uh where i see
very many organizations fall foul um
because they spend all of their energy
and their time trying to get stuff at
the top
and then they they're stated in clothing
the business
instead of qualifying it to make sure
that it's a good fit for those sites
instead of making sure that you are
co-developing the solution with the
customer
now most of my work is b2b and
it's big ticket um so you may have a
different view if you're very commodity
oriented
and it's just about you know um turnover
of stock
um but with the kind of people that i
work with
and these are big complex enterprise
sales if they make the wrong decision
it can kill the business um it can be
career ending for the people who buy it
so we have a responsibility a duty to
sell to people
who we can help and i've seen this in
covid
um so so many sales people and their
terrible managers
said oh well don't go salesy on me um
you know
just um back off well the reality is if
i'm in pain now
i don't want you waiting six months to
get in touch
pick up the phone speak to living human
beings
and establish is there a good fit if
there isn't walk away
if there is then work out how you can
create
um a partnership with them so that you
can advance the sale
but the problem is that most sales
people in their funnel
their funnel looks like an old pair of
granny knickers it's wide at the top and
wide and baggy in the middle and saggy
and the gusset
and what it should look like is a thong
and so it needs to be white at the top
decreasingly narrow because you're
disqualifying ruthlessly
nurturing me but ruthlessly and all the
good stuff
is at the bottom third and you're able
then to have choice
i know you've had benjamin on um yeah
and um
you know the thing that we worked on
there was how do you make sure
that you have three to five
opportunities for
every deal that you need to get over the
line so for every pound
you've got five pounds back in the
pipeline um
that's qualified and it's moving into
the closable phase
and i remember working with one guy who
worked for splunk over in sweden
and he came to me at 25 percent of quota
within seven months he was 200 percent
equator
within a year he was hitting his annual
target
every 12 weeks wow and that is what
happens when you when you do what i just
suggested
you get that choice and you never have
to discount you have to don't have to do
fireside sales
you don't have to give away um extra
services you don't have to make
concessions on your terms
because you're never attached to the
outcome of any one sale
really interesting and i love a couple
points you just brought up there marcus
so the first one being we have a duty to
sell to people we can actually help
um so when i was in my younger days
which i've talked about on this show
i've talked about another podcast i've
sold things that i wasn't
particularly passionate about whether it
was ink cartridge over ink cartridges
story over the phone whether it's data
lists
all these different things bit of
wheeling and dealing until i
found my passion digital marketing sales
where we could actually help businesses
grow
and it was something i i actually
enjoyed because i work with great people
i get to help businesses and it's
it's not only a product i like but i
like the outcome so the end result for
our customers
now i believe you're exactly right i
believe those points are great and
what you went on to say about having um
even if you thought a deal was going to
land
you had was it three to five extra on
opportunities on top of that one
right now yeah yeah because
again there are four metrics that i
teach all of my clients to
and all of my sales people um to focus
on
one is daily effective conversations
and so you you need to speak to a living
breathing human being i don't care how
you get there
is it through cold calling is it through
content is it through
um email outreach is it through referral
who cares
but you want to speak to five to seven
um
people who are in your sweet spot every
day
if you do that in virtually every b2b
business i've ever worked in
um there's plenty of fat there uh for
you to be able to smash your number
the second thing you need to look at is
the velocity
with which opportunities are moving down
the funnel
and because the reason the pipeline
tends to look like a pair of granny
knickers and it bulges in the middle
is because sales people don't know how
to disqualify and they don't know how to
advance
and so you end up with a lot of maybes
helper helpers call me backs
send me some information chase chase
chase and you end up wasting a lot of
time
and so with the sales teams i'm building
at the moment
um you know these are cardinal sins and
we
we teach them how not to ever get caught
in that trap
the third metric is do you have three to
five times more
in the funnel moving from qualified to
closable
and i'll define those in a minute and
the fourth
and i think this is a really important
metric is the conversion rate of first
qualified meeting to second qualified
meeting
and there's a good reason for this sam
which is that seven hours
surveyed first meet was the second
meeting
on average now that's an inordinate
amount of effort time money and waste
now when i define a suspect that's
anyone who still has a pulse and has
breath in their lungs
and they go into forecast at zero
percent a prospect must be
in your target market have a problem you
can genuinely fix today
not tomorrow not next year but today
you're speaking to a decision maker
who's able
and more importantly willing to invest
the time the money the resources
and allow you access to the people in
the state
that you need to get access to in order
to qualify
and they're a decision maker is able and
most importantly willing
to make the decision to buy and they're
working towards a clearly defined
timetable
for not only breaking ground on the
project but for realizing the benefits
and the outcomes that they are paying
you for
and and that would go into forecast at
10 waiting
now for most people they would say
that's a fully qualified lead it's ready
to land i wouldn't
that's you know that's ten percent um a
um qualified prospect
um is a prospect that meets those five
conditions
and at least 70 percent of the questions
you need to have answered have been
answered
and a closable prospect and sorry that
goes in at 30 percent
um and then a closable prospect meets
those five conditions
and 100 of your questions have been
answered by the committee
so that's the cast of characters the
influencers recommenders
uh specifiers users technical buyers
financial buyers
uh authority or power decision makers
and you've got all the options that you
need and that goes in at 95.
there's a lot of elements to that that's
interesting and
i'm sure a lot of people are going to be
shocked when they hear the 10 number
of when um when you're speaking to a
suspect or a prospect
the important thing is the effect this
has on forecasting accuracy and pipeline
hygiene
um because you don't want your crm full
of crap
you don't want your forecast full of
crap and you want a fork you want a
forecast
that is spot on when you do that when i
when you do what i've just suggested
your forecasting accuracy will go from
variances of 30 to percent either way
uh to be between point five
and five percent accuracy from actual
now when you can
when you get that level of forecasting
accuracy you can now plan ahead
you can recruit knowing that you can
guarantee that that
level of business will come in and you
can invest
so you can invest in new technology you
can invest in new hires you can move uh
you can
invest in better marketing instead of
constantly saving for a rainy day
there's no point having cash come in and
you can't use it because you're afraid
that you're gonna have a bad
month or quarter yeah and i guess on
that
that point it probably puts you in a
better mindset as well so even if you're
you're a small business and you're
running your own sales or you've got a
small sales team if you're working
to that kind of um revenue prediction
rate that kind of close rate
then it's actually prompting you to do
more marketing to do more prospecting to
get more leads
into your sales funnel because you don't
think everything's going to come in
you're doing the top level activity to
keep the to keep the leads flowing to
keep the
qualifying stage going through that
you're not going to be dry on leads
right
absolutely and the other thing is don't
prospect eight hours a day every day
and if it's your job as an sdr then fair
enough
um but if you're a business owner or if
you're a salesperson
put in 90 minutes to two hours a day um
put some
no pay time activity so time when you
can't speak to customers
in developing interesting valuable
content
um because i mean in the last five years
the majority of my business has come
from linkedin and
most of it has either been referred or
come through my content
and it takes time to build that content
but the content
has to be valuable and this is where um
so many organizations and so many
managers and sales people get it wrong
they think there is activity matters
there has to be a certain level of
activity i grant you
but if the activity is to interrupt
people with
noise and fill up their inbox with spam
and bother them with terrible phone
calls uh
trying desperately uh to get them to see
photos of your ugly baby in the form of
a demo
um or send some information and then
you're just wasting their time if if i
pick up the phone to my clients
unless they are tied up in uh meeting
with a prospect chances are they will
pick up
because they know that when they get a
call from me
it's going to valuable um when i send
stuff
on email they open it they read it they
digest it
why because i've given thought as to why
it will be
of value to them and more often than not
my content
doesn't have any call to action and but
what i found really interesting
is over 80 percent of my business in the
last five years
has come through my content from people
who have never even so much has liked
commented or shared my material
that lurkers yeah yeah one of my friends
one of my clients today i engaged with
16 years ago for the first and last time
but he's been following my content ever
since
wow awesome man well i was just going to
get on to that actually marcus so
interesting
we're similar actually most of our
inbound business comes for our seo
positioning
and then closely followed by linkedin
for leads and
deals over the line now
you said creating content that's useful
that's valuable for
your ideal customers can you give us any
any insights into what you're
doing that's different to everyone else
because i know you run a podcast is that
is that perhaps the main content you're
putting out or is there different spins
on it
that worked for you to enable you to use
linkedin as your main tool to generate
new business
well since i left sander i've had to
take my video channel down because that
was
you know all pure play channel and
material um
but um the what i do is i try and
think as the customer and if you've
followed any of my stuff
i'll often uh simulate a conversation
between a manager and a salesperson or a
salesperson and a prospect
or a review meeting between as a vendor
and um a customer and
it'll be a conversation that is intend
to enter
their conversation they are already
having um and that's our job
it's the same thing when you do your
elevator pitch or your 30-second
commercial
you're trying to enter the conversation
they're already having so you meet the
least amount of resistance
but you want to be able to get them to
see their world through a different lens
so in the same way that in comedy you
have the setup
and punch um you want to be able to
move them to a different place and help
them see
um their reality through a different
lens that's very helpful
uh the podcasts have been incredible um
i
generate a lot of business off that uh
the other thing that i've been very
successful at and has worked very nicely
for me
is client recommendations so i give
people a framework
with a series of things and i have them
um
respond in their own words so who are
you
and which market do you serve
okay what initially caused you to
contact me for help
what were your initial reservations um
what uh results have you got as
through working with me and this is
pound feelings and pens it's percentages
it's cost savings it's speed to markets
growth whatever
um what surprised you
because again people i don't want people
to be surprised
uh when they're working with me
necessarily um but
the fact that i come across as being a
bit of a monster and then
it turns out that i'm not that's cool um
and then
um would you recommend me and why
and then i have them tell this story and
if you go to my linkedin
profile there's 200 recommendations
following that structure so effectively
that's the story that a customer
will go through in terms of handling
their own objections dealing with all
this stuff
and that customer journey so my
customers are doing all my work and my
marketing for me
and so that's incredibly powerful and in
this day and age if you're a salesperson
you're not building a personal brand
online in particular on linkedin if
you're in the b2b space
you're crazy yeah hubspot um said that
salespeople who have a strong social
selling profile
um will outsell uh people who don't
by 73 something like that
and why wouldn't you put 15 to 30
minutes a day in
um when you get that kind of return i'm
a huge fan
better on purpose get paid twice as much
for work
completely agree especially on the
social selling and social brand personal
brand aspect mark is
diving a bit deeper into the
recommendations side of things so you
said you've worked out a framework
that you sent to each of your clients
how how are you generating business
through that is that because then
you they put this together people they
know
sign up just on the back reading
and no when someone wants a reference
then i'll say well look at my
linkedin profile there's 200
testimonials on there if you want to
contact them
uh go ahead but i'm never going to ask
one of my clients to do my selling for
me
um and i refuse to give testimony i get
refused to give
references why should i um if i can't
sell to them
uh particularly in my previous role then
frankly i have no business
um training them uh to sell um so
uh the testimonials worked very nicely
and i literally did get 12 people sign
up as clients
over the years off the back of them um
and
yeah i think we need to remember
that the way buyers buy has changed
beyond all recognition
back in the 1950s you could turn up with
your shiny shoes an ugly tie
um and you could bore them to death
about shower rings and whatever else you
peddled
um but customers have the sum total of
human knowledge
uh at their fingertips on a keyboard and
a mouse
um they're very very savvy nowadays
and they go through a very different
buying journey
i mean let me ask you this sam when was
the last time you bought a product
off the internet that had three stars or
fewer
i can tell you i wouldn't have to my
knowledge okay
the the only reason i've ever heard
someone say that they have
was because they had a strong personal
recommendation from someone they trusted
otherwise we all look for social proof
and what's more we look for the negative
reviews
so again one of the reasons why in my uh
template
is what was your initial point of
resistance why did you
what reservations did you have because i
want that
out there so people can say you know
they had that reservation that i have
but they still went ahead and look at
the result
yeah i mean that's that's powerful isn't
it because that's actually us answering
people's self-doubts that they usually
have in their back of their mind that
they wouldn't necessarily tell you when
you're having a conversation with them
out there anticipated regret and blame
whenever
so it's like um a um premonition
of buyer's remorse and um and so if you
can neutralize that up front
it makes a lot of sense uh but most
people are afraid to
um open up to their weaknesses and to
their vulnerabilities
but vulnerability is a strength and
that's been one of the best lessons i
learned over the last 20 years
that admitting you don't know asking for
help
um struggling they're not personality
defect
it's just a fact i i honestly don't know
and i'd be lying to you if i told you
that i did
would you like me to find out for you
okay and if i do what happens then
so i can use even i can use my own
ignorance
in order to qualify more deeply because
if they want to know the information but
there's no good reason to do it
then i'll say sounds like that would be
a waste of my time but if there is a
good reason
and i know what the next step is then i
can move forward and i can advance the
sale
but a lot of salespeople are afraid to
do that i'm not afraid of looking like
an idiot i do it every day and my
children tell me i am
i love it and i'm recognizing a lot of
these frameworks from sandler selling
as i'm a big personal fan of books like
you can't teach a kid
to ride a bike at a seminar and a lot of
other sandler content
is that a framework you'd recommend that
business owners and salespeople like get
stuck into marcus or there and any other
frameworks or processes that you would
you'd recommend for people that want to
get stuck into this this practice right
i love chandler what i would say is
don't be a zealot no framework is
perfect
and you need to modernize and you have
to stay up to uh to date
so in addition to sandler or medpic
or challenger which are all great
systems
i would look at people like corporate
visions
i would definitely check out a guy
called simon bowen
and his models method um
i mean the way these guys think is
breathtaking
i would definitely check out people like
tom williams and his book
uh buyer centered selling and um
uh one book i urge everyone to read is
bob mester
m-o-e-s-t-a demand side sales
but bob is a product developer he's got
5 000 products on the market to his name
he was trained apprenticed by w edward
deming
um who was the guy who turned japan
around and
uh you'll have heard of his work through
um
six sigma and uh five wise
and those kind of things he's got the
most
refreshing approach uh to selling now
the guys from corporate visions their
understanding of storytelling and the
time you tell a story
um so read widely but read about
marketing read
uh mark schaefer's book marketing
rebellion uh
read matthew sweesey's book context
marketing revolution and go back to an
old classic
um by jack trout and now reese called
marketing warfare
um i mean one of the things that most
people don't know about david sander is
his library
was essentially mostly made up of
marketing and psychology books
it wasn't about sales because actually
he cracked the sales code pretty early
and it works really well but
you need to be more like
the customer so uh brian sullivan's book
uh sandra enterprise selling is very
good um
you you know the the techniques and
skills that i'm
learning uh to implement in uh my role
as chief revenue officer
uh around mapping uh a territory and
using
visualization uh to map out a territory
an account an opportunity
um yeah you've got to stay up to date
and i think
part of the problem with a lot of
methodologies is that it's very easy to
say this is the way to do it
i don't believe that's right i think you
need to be more flexible
um and uh you know a methodology like
sandler or medpic
is a really good springboard but you
need to innovate and you got to adapt to
your customer
got it look marcus really appreciate you
coming on we've covered some great
ground
and there's been some really good points
in terms of why we need to prospect why
we need to have
a three five to seven daily
conversations with our radio customers
and how to work out who's not our ideal
customer and uh
basically not waste our time with that
nonsense so hopefully there's some sharp
business lessons for everyone tuning in
just to wrap things up and tee things
off quite quite nicely for the end of
the show
marcus what kind of daily behaviors and
mindset do we need to focus because what
you said
it sounds great but it's not always that
easy is it especially
when you've had a bad day you've had a
bad week and then you think i need to
have five
to seven conversations with my ideal
customers um i need to make these things
happen perhaps my pipeline is not as
strong as it should be
so what can we do to actually get
motivated and make sure this is
something we follow consistently
um first of all spend time thinking
as the customer go and speak to your
existing best customers and find out why
they buy from you why they bought from
you
uh bob master talks about this in demand
side sales he said that people don't buy
your product they rent it
and they rent it for only so long as
it's delivering the outcome that
they need from you and so again find out
from them on a regular basis
how their business is evolving uh your
customers are your best teachers
i've learned so much from my clients
over the years
and through asking them what they need
um so
get out of your own way get out of uh
being
so egocentric and don't think about your
target think about how you can serve
them best
and nothing gives me a greater thrill
than my co
my clients coming back to me years after
i stopped working with them
uh saying you you know you changed my
life i didn't they did
and i you know i prodded them with a
cattle prod along the way
um so learn humility um learn
vulnerability
and do behavior you the only thing you
can control is your behavior
so make sure that you've got a structure
a framework
of good daily habits and one of the
habits i would urge everyone to do
is reflect you know whether it's through
journaling or lesson capture
and you know my view is a day without
three
brilliant lessons is a day wasted and i
can honestly say
that in the last 17 18 years i haven't
gone a day where i haven't had lessons
and then i turn those into content
because i'm not a big fan
i'm not comfortable journaling i find it
it doesn't serve me well but for many
people it does
um so i turn my lessons into content
which has worked exceptionally well so i
end up learning the lesson more deeply
i share it with other people they find
value from it and that builds my uh
my personal brand as a seller
great tip great tip for people
struggling to cut content i do similar
actually i use my iphone notes app so
whenever things like that come into my
mind i make sure to jot them down
and that might be a day or two's content
i'll i'll let you into a secret when i
first set up my son the business
i intentionally went out to find out to
attract people who were screwed up just
like me
and that way i got paid to fix us both
and so go out and find people who are
messed up just like you are
and get and coach them love it marcus
thanks very much
if you could choose just one digital
marketing channel for people to grow
their businesses from
what would be your channel of choice sir
well it has to be linkedin
um yeah we we've done um anywhere from
500 to 720k
a year off linkedin um and it's a hobby
you know i like writing i like producing
videos
love producing my content my podcast
but linkedin is the route to market and
the podcast has been the most
educational awesome choice
awesome choice marcus please do tell us
a bit more about how people can learn
from you
a bit more about your business your
podcast and help people get in touch
okay well i'm off the market i'm on a
non-compete
when it comes to training so i'm not
taking training or coaching clients
i am however working with founders who
are looking to scale up their business
they want to grow by 200
plus per annum uh compound year on year
and they're willing to take some
uncomfortable direction and advice
working with me i promise you is really
a pleasant experience
uh no one comes to me for hugs and
cuddles um
if you want to get hold of me on
linkedin just type in marcus calkey
and my personalized address is
fractional
cro tech scale ups um i'm on twitter as
the
underscore inquisitor and i have two
podcasts
one is the inquisitor podcast with
marcus kauke if you just type
uh marcus kauke podcast it'll come up
and i have another one specifically for
tech companies
um in the 10 to 50 million mark that are
looking to achieve hyper growth without
loss of control
or giving away their stock and
responsibility to control to investors
and that is called scale ups and hyper
growth and you can find them on pod bean
spotify
apple google thank you very much marcus
and thanks once again for coming on the
show i really appreciate it
it's my pleasure thank you for having me
cheers sir and if you enjoyed the show
we interviewed two business leaders each
and every week to provide actionable
tips to grow your business
your sales and make best use of digital
marketing so subscribe to sam's business
growth show on your podcast of choice
and thanks for tuning in